README.md, before:

# Related Products

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/spree-contrib/spree_related_products.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/spree-contrib/spree_related_products)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/spree-contrib/spree_related_products/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/spree-contrib/spree_related_products)

This extension provides a generic way for you to define different types of relationships between your products, by defining a RelationType for each type of relationship you'd like to maintain.

You can manage RelationTypes via the admin configuration menu, and you can maintain product relationships via __Related Products__ tab on the edit product UI.

### Possible uses

* Accessories
* Cross Sells
* Up Sells
* Compatible Products
* Replacement Products
* Warranty & Support Products

### Relation Types

When you create a RelationType you can access that set of related products by referencing the relation_type name, see below for an example:
```ruby
rt = Spree::RelationType.create(name: 'Accessories', applies_to: 'Spree::Product')
 => #<Spree::RelationType id: 4, name: "Accessories" ...>
product = Spree::Product.last
 => #<Spree::Product id: 1060500592 ...>
product.accessories
 => []
```

Since respond_to? will not work in this case, you can test whether a relation_type method exists with has_related_products?(method):

```ruby
product.has_related_products?('accessories')
# => true

if product.has_related_products?('accessories')
  # Display an accessories box..
end
```

You can access all related products regardless of RelationType by:
```ruby
product.relations
 => []
```

**Discounts**
You can optionally specify a discount amount to be applied if a customer purchases both products.

Note: In order for the coupon to be automatically applied, you must create a promotion leaving the __code__ value empty, and adding an Action of type : __RelatedProductDiscount__  (blank codes are required for coupons to be automatically applied).

---

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:

  #### Spree >= 3.1

  ```ruby
  gem 'spree_related_products', github: 'spree-contrib/spree_related_products'
  ```

  #### Spree 3.0 and Spree 2.x

  ```ruby
  gem 'spree_related_products', github: 'spree-contrib/spree_related_products', branch: 'X-X-stable'
  ```

  The `branch` option is important: it must match the version of Spree you're using.
  For example, use `3-0-stable` if you're using Spree `3-0-stable` or any `3.0.x` version.

2. Install the gem using Bundler:
  ```ruby
  bundle install
  ```

3. Copy & run migrations
  ```ruby
  bundle exec rails g spree_related_products:install
  ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.


---

## Contributing

See corresponding [guidelines][4]

---

Copyright (c) 2010-2015 [Brian Quinn][5] and [contributors][6], released under the [New BSD License][3]

[1]: http://www.fsf.org/licensing/essays/free-sw.html
[2]: https://github.com/spree-contrib/spree_related_products/issues
[3]: https://github.com/spree-contrib/spree_related_products/blob/master/LICENSE.md
[4]: https://github.com/spree-contrib/spree_related_products/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[5]: https://github.com/BDQ
[6]: https://github.com/spree-contrib/spree_related_products/graphs/contributors

Commit message:

Update README to include Spree Commerce in the description [ci skip]

README.md, after:

# Related Products

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/spree-contrib/spree_related_products.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/spree-contrib/spree_related_products)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/spree-contrib/spree_related_products/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/spree-contrib/spree_related_products)

Related Products is a [Spree Commerce](https://github.com/spree/spree) extension that provides a generic way for you to define different types of relationships between your products, by defining a RelationType for each type of relationship you'd like to maintain.

You can manage RelationTypes via the admin configuration menu, and you can maintain product relationships via __Related Products__ tab on the edit product UI.

### Possible uses

* Accessories
* Cross Sells
* Up Sells
* Compatible Products
* Replacement Products
* Warranty & Support Products

### Relation Types

When you create a RelationType you can access that set of related products by referencing the relation_type name, see below for an example:
```ruby
rt = Spree::RelationType.create(name: 'Accessories', applies_to: 'Spree::Product')
 => #<Spree::RelationType id: 4, name: "Accessories" ...>
product = Spree::Product.last
 => #<Spree::Product id: 1060500592 ...>
product.accessories
 => []
```

Since respond_to? will not work in this case, you can test whether a relation_type method exists with has_related_products?(method):

```ruby
product.has_related_products?('accessories')
# => true

if product.has_related_products?('accessories')
  # Display an accessories box..
end
```

You can access all related products regardless of RelationType by:
```ruby
product.relations
 => []
```

**Discounts**
You can optionally specify a discount amount to be applied if a customer purchases both products.

Note: In order for the coupon to be automatically applied, you must create a promotion leaving the __code__ value empty, and adding an Action of type : __RelatedProductDiscount__  (blank codes are required for coupons to be automatically applied).

---

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:

  #### Spree >= 3.1

  ```ruby
  gem 'spree_related_products', github: 'spree-contrib/spree_related_products'
  ```

  #### Spree 3.0 and Spree 2.x

  ```ruby
  gem 'spree_related_products', github: 'spree-contrib/spree_related_products', branch: 'X-X-stable'
  ```

  The `branch` option is important: it must match the version of Spree you're using.
  For example, use `3-0-stable` if you're using Spree `3-0-stable` or any `3.0.x` version.

2. Install the gem using Bundler:
  ```ruby
  bundle install
  ```

3. Copy & run migrations
  ```ruby
  bundle exec rails g spree_related_products:install
  ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.


---

## Contributing

See corresponding [guidelines][4]

---

Copyright (c) 2010-2015 [Brian Quinn][5] and [contributors][6], released under the [New BSD License][3]

[1]: http://www.fsf.org/licensing/essays/free-sw.html
[2]: https://github.com/spree-contrib/spree_related_products/issues
[3]: https://github.com/spree-contrib/spree_related_products/blob/master/LICENSE.md
[4]: https://github.com/spree-contrib/spree_related_products/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[5]: https://github.com/BDQ
[6]: https://github.com/spree-contrib/spree_related_products/graphs/contributors
